I love kids I don't think I can have any
myself but I enjoy being with them I
enjoy teaching them I enjoy learning
from the other hand and if sincere and
open honest and love the honesty in the
wholeness that's what I enjoy about kids
as far as any being mine kept knocking
mom is having regrets about having all
these kids she's saying she screwed
herself she screwed up her kids lives
she doesn't know what she's going to do
so have you ever seen you before no you
don't have cable okay internetting of
Internet oh can you been in jail
no she says she never heard a I can't
believe you have never heard of Michelle
Obama I'm just doing this to the
recession's over you know shit out my
husband al are growing up years are very
important what we learn as children we
take until adulthood some things some
things we shouldn't but some things we
should and with all that attention and
all that problem because miss mama was
lonely herself you know it takes so much
hard work and effort to actually raise
one child and I can't even imagine what
it will take to raise a total of 14 kids
all together you know ain't no get
involved honey this is a vitro
fertilization
and if you think you could afford six
one you found a 14
but she about to get paid someone they
were they what they want to see what's
going to happen how these kids are going
on it's you know now she's saying that
she regretted it she don't girl and she
think she screwed up fellas just grew up
a lot you know you want to be Angelina
Jolie damaged Julie no Julie I mean yes
she has kids that she adopted but she
also has the money to go along with
upbringing and the taking care of all
those kids she can handle it this woman
went so far as to have plastic surgery
to look like Angelina Jolie wacko I
think so